ui.hero.nevigator.info
Info
ui.hero.nevigator.troop
Party
ui.hero.info.star
Star
ui.hero.info.hp
HP Growth
ui.hero.info.physic_attack
ATK Upgrade
ui.hero.info.physic_defence
DEF Upgrade
ui.hero.info.magic_attack
Magic Upgrade
ui.hero.info.magic_defence
Demon Growth
REAL_NONE
None
REAL_PHYSIC_ATTACK
ATK
REAL_MAGIC_ATTACK
MATK
REAL_PHYSIC_DEFENCE
DEF
REAL_MAGIC_DEFENCE
MDEF
REAL_HP
HP
REAL_HP_RECOVER
HP Restore
REAL_PHYSIC_PENETRATION_ABS
ATK Pierce
REAL_PHYSIC_PENETRATION_RATE
Ignore DEF
REAL_MAGIC_PENETRATION_ABS
Magic Pierce
REAL_MAGIC_PENETRATION_RATE
Ignore Magic res
REAL_HOLY_ATTACK_ABS
Additional Damage
REAL_HOLY_ATTACK_ABS_RESISTANCE
Damage Block
REAL_PHYSIC_CRITICAL
Crit
REAL_MAGIC_CRITICAL
Magic Crit Level
REAL_PHYSIC_CRITICAL_RESISTANCE
Crit RES
REAL_MAGIC_CRITICAL_RESISTANCE
Magic Crit RES Level
REAL_PHYSIC_CRITICAL_RATE
Crit Rate
REAL_MAGIC_CRITICAL_RATE
Magic Crit Rate
REAL_PHYSIC_CRITICAL_RESISTANCE_RATE
Crit RES Rate
REAL_MAGIC_CRITICAL_RESISTANCE_RATE
Magic Crit RES Rate
REAL_PHYSIC_CRITICAL_DAMAGE
Crit Damage
REAL_MAGIC_CRITICAL_DAMAGE
Magic Crit Damage
REAL_PHYSIC_CRITICAL_RESISTANCE_DAMAGE
Crit Damage res
REAL_MAGIC_CRITICAL_RESISTANCE_DAMAGE
Magic Crit Damage res
REAL_HIT
Hit
REAL_MISS
Dodge
REAL_PHYSIC_VAMPIRISM
Drain Rate
REAL_MAGIC_VAMPIRISM
Magic Drain Rate
REAL_PHYSIC_VAMPIRISM_ABS
Drain
REAL_MAGIC_VAMPIRISM_ABS
Magic Drain
REAL_PHYSIC_ATTACKS_REFLECT
Reflect Rate
REAL_MAGIC_ATTACKS_REFLECT
Magic Reflect Rate
REAL_PHYSIC_ATTACKS_REFLECT_ABS
Physical Reflect
REAL_MAGIC_ATTACKS_REFLECT_ABS
Magic Reflect
REAL_KILL_RECOVERY
Kill Restore
REAL_CURE_RECOVERY
Heal Effect
REAL_ALL_RECOVERY
Restore Bonus
REAL_MISS_RATE
Dodge Rate
REAL_HIT_RATE
Hit Rate
REAL_ATTACK_ACCELERATE
ATK Speed Up
REAL_CD_REDUCE_RATE
Reduce CD
REAL_RAGE_GAINED_RATE
Rage Accumulation Rate
REAL_PHYSIC_DAMAGE_REDUCE_RATE
Damage res
REAL_PHYSIC_DAMAGE_ADD_RATE
Damage Increase
REAL_MAGIC_DAMAGE_REDUCE_RATE
Magic Damage res
REAL_MAGIC_DAMAGE_ADD_RATE
Magic Damage Increase
REAL_FIRE_DAMAGE_REDUCE_RATE
Fire Damage res
REAL_FIRE_DAMAGE_ADD_RATE
Fire Damage Increase
REAL_ICE_DAMAGE_REDUCE_RATE
Ice Damage res
REAL_ICE_DAMAGE_ADD_RATE
Ice Damage Increase
REAL_ELECTRICITY_DAMAGE_REDUCE_RATE
Electric Damage res
REAL_ELECTRICITY_DAMAGE_ADD_RATE
Electric Damage Increase
REAL_POISON_DAMAGE_REDUCE_RATE
Poison Damage res
REAL_POISON_DAMAGE_ADD_RATE
Poison Damage Increase
REAL_NATURE_DAMAGE_REDUCE_RATE
Nature Damage res
REAL_NATURE_DAMAGE_ADD_RATE
Nature Damage Increase
REAL_DEMON_DAMAGE_REDUCE_RATE
Holy Damage res
REAL_DEMON_DAMAGE_ADD_RATE
Holy Damage Increase
REAL_PVP_DAMAGE_REDUCE_RATE
PVP Damage res
REAL_PVP_DAMAGE_ADD_RATE
PVP Damage Increase
REAL_ALL_DAMAGE_REDUCE_RATE
All Damage res
REAL_ALL_DAMAGE_ADD_RATE
All Damage Increase
REAL_DEBUFF_BLEEDING
Bleed Accuracy
REAL_DEBUFF_POISONING
Poison Accuracy
REAL_DEBUFF_BURNING
Burn Accuracy
REAL_DEBUFF_FREEZE
Freeze Accuracy
REAL_DEBUFF_DIZZY
Stun Accuracy
REAL_DEBUFF_CONFUSION
Confuse Accuracy
REAL_DEBUFF_COLD
Freeze Accuracy
REAL_DEBUFF_ELECTRIFICATION
Shock Accuracy
REAL_DEBUFF_SENESCENCE
Silence Accuracy
REAL_DEBUFF_SUNDER
Knockback Accuracy
REAL_DEBUFF_ALL
Debuff Accuracy
REAL_DEBUFF_PVP
PVP Debuff Accuracy
REAL_DEBUFF_BLEEDING_RESISTANCE
RES Bleed
REAL_DEBUFF_POISONING_RESISTANCE
RES Poison
REAL_DEBUFF_BURNING_RESISTANCE
RES Burn
REAL_DEBUFF_ELECTRIFICATION_RESISTANCE
RES Shock
REAL_DEBUFF_ALL_RESISTANCE
RES Debuff
REAL_DEBUFF_PVP_RESISTANCE
RES PVP Debuff
REAL_ULTIMATE_DAMAGE_RATE
Limit Break Damage
REAL_MOVE_SPEED
Moving Speed
REAL_ATTACK_RAGE_GAINED_RATE
ATK Rage Accumulation
REAL_DAMAGED_RAGE_GAINED_RATE
DMG Rage Accumulation
REAL_SHIELD
God Mode Pts
REAL_SHIELD_RECOVER_INTERVAL
Restore God Mode
REAL_SHIELD_RECOVER_PER_SECOND
God Mode recovery interval
REAL_ROLE_LEVEL
Hero Level
REAL_ROLE_LEVEL2
Character Level Square
REAL_LOST_HP
Lost HP
REAL_EIDOLON_TOTAL_LEVEL
Total Eidolon Level
REAL_EIDOLON_TOTAL_COINS

REAL_FIGHTPOWER
Combat Power
HERO_FEATURE_DPS
ATK
HERO_FEATURE_MAGIC
ATK
HERO_FEATURE_TANK
DEF
HERO_FEATURE_HEALS
Support
ui.hero.info.power
Power
ui.hero.btn.detail
Detailed Stats
ui.hero.subtitle.fashion
costumes Stats
ui.hero.subtitle.attr
Hero Stats
ui.hero.subtitle.skill
Skills
ui.hero.subtitle.relation
Bond
ui.hero.subtitle.talent
Aptitude
ui.hero.subtitle.desc
Hero Intro
ui.hero.btn.info
Info
ui.hero.btn.skill.upgrade
Skills
ui.hero.btn.skill.break
Skills
ui.hero.btn.hero.upgrade
Level Up
ui.hero.btn.hero.evolve
Rank up
ui.hero.btn.hero.linking
Bond
ui.hero.equip.basic.attr.title
Basic Stats
ui.hero.equip.score
Gear Rating:
ui.hero.develop.title.upgrade
Hero Level Up
ui.hero.develop.title.evolve
Hero Upgrade
ui.hero.develop.title.linking
Hero Bonds
ui.hero.develop.title.skill.upgrade
Skill Level Up
ui.develop.upgrade.ether.info
Ethers possessed:
ui.develop.upgrade.exp.next
EXP required to upgrade:
ui.develop.upgrade.btn.upgrade
Level
ui.develop.skill.upgrade.skill.points
Skill Pts
ui.develop.skill.upgrade.skill.point.count
{0}/{1}
ui.develop.skill.upgrade.skill.point.remain.times
(After {0} restore 1 Pt)
ui.develop.skill.upgrade.skill.point.no.remain.times
Pts are max
ui.develop.skill.upgrade.btn.upgrade
Upgrade
ui.develop.no.open
Locked
ui.heroskillupgrade.level
lv:{0}
ui.herocritical.max
Crit
ui.hero.link.hero.star.lack
{0} is needed to achieve {1} star
ui.hero.link.unsatisfied
Not reached
ui.hero.link.introduction.title
Bond Intro
ui.hero.link.active.attr.title
Current Activated Stats
ui.hero.link.inactive.attr.title
Inactive Stats
ui.hero.skill.unlock.tip1
[FF2400]Reach{0} {1} stars to Unlock[-]
ui.hero.heroevolve.stage
Rank up materials
ui.hero.heroevolve.skillunlock
Rank up Reward
ui.hero.heroevolve.upgrade
Grow after rank up
ui.hero.heroevolve.level
Rank up Level
ui.hero.herostar.css
Stats upgrade
ui.hero.heroestar.level
Star Level
ui.hero.skill.type.name.switch
Public Skills
ui.hero.skill.type.name.active
Active Skills
ui.hero.skill.type.name.passive
Passive Skills
ui.hero.link.subtitle
Bond Entry
ui.hero.link.info.subtitle.detail
Bond Intro
ui.hero.link.info.subtitle.attr.active
Current Activated Stats
ui.hero.link.info.subtitle.attr.inactive
Inactive Stats
ui.hero.link.info.hero.complete.status
Not reached
ui.hero.link.inactive.status
Inactive
ui.hero.info.subtitle.bounding
Hero Bonds
ui.hero.info.upgrade.cost.title
Cost
ui.hero.unlock.skill_1
Unlock skill: {0}
ui.hero.aptitude.title
Aptitude
ui.hero.level.title
Level
ui.hero.attr.subtitle.type
Hero Location
ui.hero.attr.subtitle.aptitude
Hero Aptitude
ui.hero.troop.get.into.troop
Go to Battle
ui.hero.troop.switch
Exchange
ui.hero.fragment.info.fragment.title
Shards
ui.hero.tab.btn.info
Hero Info
ui.hero.evolve.need.level.prompt
Reach Hero Level {0} to Advance
ui.hero.subtitle.talents
Aptitude
ui.hero.assist.resonance.nohero
Military Support needed to unlock
ui.hero.assist.unlock.lv
Lv.{0}\nUnlocked
ui.hero.assist.relation.item.will_active_description
Bond {0} activatable
ui.hero.assist.relation.item.has_active_description
{0} Bond activated 
ui.hero.assist.relation.item.will.active.destiny
Destiny {0} activatable
ui.hero.assist.relation.item.has.active.destiny
{0} Destiny activated
ui.hero.assist.relation.max_hero
Already reached highest number of support
ui.hero.skill.levelup.hero.level.not.meet
Hero must reach lv.{0}
ui.hero.skill.levelup.hero.star.not.meet
Hero{0}{1}stars unlocks
ui.hero.skill.levelup.cannot.over.hero.level
Skill Level can't exceed Hero Level
ui.hero.skill.levelup.short.of.items
Insufficient materials for Breakthrough.
ui.hero.skill.level
Breakthrough Level: {0}
ui.hero.skill.unlock.grade.require
Hero must Adv. to Level {0} to Unlock Skill
ui.hero.skill.destiny.active
[ffff00]Destiny Effect (Activated)[-]
ui.hero.skill.destiny.deactive
Destiny Effect (Inactive)
ui.hero.destiny.actived
[ffff00] (Hero Destiny activated) [-]
ui.hero.destiny.desc.deactive
While {0}goes to battle,   limit technology to obtain Destiny effect
ui.hero.destiny.desc.active
[ffff00]Hero Destiny Activated,  limit break to receive full Destiny effect[-]
ui.hero.subtitle.destiny
Destiny
ui.hero.subtitle.active.destiny
Activate{0}Destiny Effect
ui.hero.list.nodatatip
No usable materials
ui.hero.assist.no_relation.info
There is no hero bonds activatable
ui.hero.selectlist.nohero.info
No heroes Available
ui.hero.selectlist.recommend.info
Try the following ways to get a hero
ui.hero.troop.fashion.no_open
Function is not yet opened, please stay tuned
ui.hero.assist.remote.locked
The player's support are not yet opened
ui.hero.troop.info.show_detail
Expand details
ui.hero.troop.info.show_simple
Collapse details
ui.hero.leader_skill.title
Captain Skills
ui.hero.leader_skill.description
Captain Skills: {0}
ui.hero.leader_skill.none
None
ui.hero.talent.description
(Adv.+{1} Activate) {0}
ui.hero.evolve.upgrade.max
Hero has reached the highest rank
ui.hero.troop.main.offline
Target players are offline
ui.hero.evovle.no.talent.active
ATK,  DEF,  HP + 5%
ui.hero.battle.array.leader.empty
A Captain is required in battle
ui.hero.battle.array.slot.locked
The location {0} is unlocked
ui.hero.battle.array.cannot.participate
Hero in this location will not onstage
ui.hero.info.levelup.click.too.many.times
Too many requests. Try again soon!
ui.hero.info.evolve.item.not.enough
Insufficient materials to Adv.
ui.hero.assist.hero.active.relation.count
Bond {0} / {1}
ui.hero.assist.hero.active.destiny
Destiny Activated
ui.hero.assist.hero.deactive.destiny
[7f7f7f]Destiny Not Activated[-]
ui.hero.info.levelup.greater.than.main.hero
Hero Rank cannot surpass Main Hero level!
ui.hero.troop.equip.rank
{0}rank
ui.troop.list.show.available
Only show unused heroes
ui.potential.list.show.available
Show idle heroes
ui.hero.talent.team.attribute
Party{0}
ui.hero.talent.skill
Unlock [{0}] Skill
ui.hero.skill.levelup.maxlevel
Skills have already reached highest level
ui.hero.btn.star.up
Star Up
ui.hero.heroestar.full
Full star quality upgrade:
ui.hero.heroestar.colorup
[43FF55]enchanted[-]竊端5AEEFF]rare[-]竊端AA9CFF]epic[-]竊端FF9561]legendary[-]竊端FF5C5C]Mythic[-]竊端EFE36BFF]Unique[-]
ui.hero.heroevolve.upgrade.new
Unlock Aptitude
ui.hero.got.change.to.fragments
Auto transform this hero into {0} shards
ui.hero.star.upgrade.max
Hero has reached Top Star Level
ui.hero.asssit.icon.fightpower
Combat Power: {0}
ui.hero.assist.level.sum
Total Level: {0}
ui.hero.assist.fightpower.sum
Total combat power: {0}
ui.hero.assist.resonance.title
Support Bonus
ui.hero.assist.resonance.level.bar
Level {0} Bonus
ui.hero.assist.resonance.fightpower.bar
Combat Power Level {0} Bonus
ui.hero.assist.resonance.level.maxlevel
Highest Level Reached Bonus
ui.hero.assist.resonance.fightpower.maxlevel
Highest Level of Combat Power Bonus
ui.hero.assist.resonance.bar.now
Current Bonus
ui.hero.assist.resonance.bar.next
Low Level Bonus
ui.hero.assist.resonance.level.description.now
Sum of Current Support Levels
ui.hero.assist.resonance.fightpower.description.now
Sum of Current Combat Support
ui.hero.assist.resonance.description.next
Bonus needed next level
ui.hero.assist.resonance.rule.info
Military Support can be upgraded through Hero Rank Up,  Star Up,  and Skill Level Up
ui.hero.assist.resonance.fightpower
Combat Power {0}
ui.hero.detail.attr.bar.base
Basic Stats
ui.hero.detail.attr.bar.advanced
Adv. Stats
ui.hero.detail.attr.bar.rare
Rare Stats
ui.hero.skill.level.long.press.info
Hold "+" to quickly upgrade skills
ui.hero.fashion.qulification.name
Aptitude
ui.hero.skill.effect.active.template
[ffff00]{0} (Activated)[-]
ui.hero.skill.effect.deactive.template
{0} (Inactive)
ui.hero.skill.captain.effect.1
Reawakening I ﾂｷ Moon
ui.hero.skill.captain.effect.3
Reawakening II ﾂｷ Mercury
ui.hero.skill.captain.effect.6
Reawakening III ﾂｷ Venus
ui.hero.skill.captain.effect.10
Reawakening IV ﾂｷ Sun
ui.hero.skill.captain.effect.14
Reawakening V ﾂｷ Mars
ui.hero.skill.captain.effect.18
Reawakening VI ﾂｷ Jupiter
ui.hero.skill.captain.effect.22
Reawakening VII ﾂｷ Saturn
ui.hero.skill.captain.effect.26
Reawakening VIII ﾂｷ Star
ui.hero.skill.captain.effect.30
Reawakening IX ﾂｷ Crystal
ui.hero.skill.main.hero.effect
Awake {0} {1} Effect
ui.hero.assist.resonance
Support Heroes
ui.hero.illustrate.uncommon
Rare
ui.hero.skill.tip.super.weapon.unlock.25
Special Artifact Lv. 25
ui.hero.skill.tip.super.weapon.unlock.45
Special Artifact Lv. 45
ui.hero.skill.tip.super.weapon.unlock.3
Special Treasure of Lv. 3
ui.hero.skill.tip.super.weapon.active.template
[ffff00]{0} (Activated)[-]
ui.hero.skill.tip.super.weapon.deactive.template
{0} (Inactive)
ui.hero.fate.activate
Activate Destiny Illustrate
ui.proto.hero.skill.surplus.point
Skill Pts left:
ui.recall.hero.num
Number of Shards:
ui.recall.hero.explore
Exploring
ui.recall.hero.choose
Select
ui.captain.evolve.success
Breakthrough successful
ui.hero.star.name.format
{0}{1} stars
ui.hero.potency
Rune
